(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
MUHANGUS: Lion Guard!
MUHANGA: Lion Guard!
ONO: This way, everyone!
You're here!
Thank goodness!
We came as soon as we could.
What's the kerbubble?
Our den!
It's full of...
Hyenas!
Hyenas again?
We've had to chase them
out of the Pride Lands
every night this week!
I know one thing that'll
scare them away from
the aardvarks' den for good.
Lion Guard, follow me!
Aaaah!
There they are!
I see 'em...
Everyone, stay behind me.
Hey! I told you before,
and I meant it.
Get out of
the Pride Lands!
(ROARS)
(ALL YIPPING)
And stay out.
BUNGA:
Oh, yeah!
Things have been pretty quiet
since we chased those hyenas
off the other night, huh?
Well, Kion did
most of the work.
(CHEWING LOUDLY)
Yeah, but we had his back!
Mmm!
Ugh. Bunga!
What?
Please tell me
you're done eating.
Not even close!
(CHEWING LOUDLY)
Besides, haven't you noticed?
There are termites everywhere!
(GASPS)
Uh, yeah.
No kidding.
Here, Bunga.
All yours.
Mmm, termites on a stick!
Thanks, Kion!
(SLURPS) Mmm!
Really?
ONO: Everyone!
Everyone!
What is it, Ono?
We've got an emergency
at Mekundu Cliffs!
A big hollow tree
is falling apart!
A tree falling apart?
That's not really
an emergency.
Yes, it is! It's the tree
where the Mekundu Bats live!
They're asleep inside!
Why didn't you wake them up?
I would,
but, you know...
(SHUDDERS)
...they're bats.
You're afraid of bats?
You're the bravest.
I'm the keenest of sight.
Okay?
You were right to get us, Ono.
Come on, everybody.
To the Pride Lands' end...
ALL:
...Lion Guard defend!
One second!
(MUFFLED)
...Lion Guard defend!
KION:
What's the fastest way, Ono?
ONO:
Across that fallen tree
and over the ravine!
Got it!
Heyvi kabisa!
FULI: I don't get it.
That tree's held
all of us before.
Even Beshte.
What happened?
Maybe it just got old.
Whatever it was,
we can talk about it later.
We still have to help
the Mekundu bats!
Come on!
ONO: There it is!
The hollow tree!
(CRACKING)
KION: Whoa!
The whole thing's coming down!
We gotta wake up the bats!
ALL: Wake up!
Get up! Wake up, guys!
Wake up, bats!
Hey, bats!
Are they coming out?
I don't hear anything.
(GASPS IN DELIGHT)
I'm going in!
Zuka Zama!
Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!
Wake up! Wake up!
(BATS SCREECHING)
Oh, no! (SCREAMS)
Are they gone?
They're gone.
Bunga?
KION:
Uh-oh! Look out!
BESHTE:
Oh, no!
Bunga!
(GASPS)
Somebody call me?
(CHEWING LOUDLY)
I am not okay
with all the termites
around here.
You're right.
There's a lot of them.
I've never seen
so many termites.
They ate through
the whole tree.
Maybe they ate through
the tree bridge, too.
I bet that's why it collapsed!
That certainly makes sense.
Termites eat wood.
So too many termites
would eat too much wood.
But we've always had termites
in the Pride Lands.
Why are there too many now?
Hey! Just because
there are a lot of termites,
it doesn't mean
there's too many.
(CRACKING)
Huh?
(CREAKING)
Okay. There may be
a few too many.
We have to tell my dad.
SIMBA:
Let me guess.
You're here to tell me that
there are too many termites
in the Pride Lands?
KION:
Um, yeah.
The thing is,
we don't know why
there are so many termites.
Hmm. Maybe we should
ask the aardwolves.
Aardwolves?
That's right.
They're the Pride Lands'
termite experts.
I've heard of aardwolves,
but I've never seen one.
I'm not surprised.
They're very shy.
They only come out at night,
and pretty much
keep to themselves.
But they love to eat termites.
Even more than you do!
Not possible!
So the aardwolves keep
the Pride Lands' termites
under control?
That's right.
At least, until now.
I sure hope
nothing happened to them.
Yeah. We better talk to
the aardwolves and make sure
they're okay.
Where do they live?
Well, they tend to
roam around.
But their favorite places to
sleep are empty aardvark dens.
Empty aardvark dens?
Ha! That's funny.
We just chased hyenas
out of an empty aardvark den
a couple days ago!
Uh, Dad? What exactly
do aardwolves look like?
Well, they actually look
a lot like hyenas.
I was afraid you'd say that.
Dad, I... I think I kicked
the aardwolves out of
the Pride Lands.
It was a mistake.
I thought they were hyenas.
We all did.
I still do!
Thanks, guys.
But I'm the one who used
the Roar on them.
You Roared at the aardwolves?
Well, that explain
the termites.
I'm sorry, Dad.
Kion, you've made a mistake.
We all do.
But it's what you do
to correct your mistakes
that really counts.
Thanks, Dad.
We're gonna make things right.
I promise!
Lion Guard, we're gonna find
those aardwolves,
and bring them back
to the Pride Lands!
FULI: Your Roar sure knocked
those aardwolves a long way
into the Outlands.
(SIGHS) Don't rub it in.
I'm just glad we got their
scent from the aardvark dens
so we can track them.
I'm glad I had a termite
snack before we left.
This place has none.
Those poor aardwolves must be
gettin' awful hungry.
As soon as we get them back
home, they'll have
plenty of termites to eat!
(SNIFFING)
(GASPS) Do you smell that?
(SNIFFS)
It's the aardwolves' scent.
And it's getting stronger.
(SNIFFS)
(GASPS)
I just saw The Lion Guard!
They followed us
into the Outlands!
(STUTTERS) What are they
doing out here?
You think they're
still after us?
The Lion Guard?
Why would they be after us?
They already chased us
out of the Pride Lands.
Into the
termite-forsaken Outlands.
Yes. (CHUCKLES)
Yes! Of course!
The Lion Guard can't be
looking for us.
(SIGHS) They're just
passing by!
(BOTH SNIFFING)
So when we find
the aardwolves,
what's the plan?
BUNGA: Sneak up on 'em?
BESHTE: Surround them?
Still think they're
just passing by?
But why? Why?
Oh, look!
Is that a bug?
Pfft! All this tracking's
taking too long.
I'm goin' up and over.
Zuka Zama!
It's not like you'd sneak up
on somebody and surround
them just to say hello.
(EXCLAIMS)
Am I right?
(GRUNTS)
Oh, hello!
(ALL SCREAMING)
I found 'em!
They're goin' that way!
But why are they running away?
I don't know, Beshte.
All I know is that we've gotta
convince 'em to come back
to the Pride Lands!
Now come on!
KION: Aardwolves!
ALL: Aardwolves! Aardwolves!
(GASPS)
It really is the Lion Guard!
Why didn't somebody
say something?
They're coming
after us!
Run faster!
Wow. They're pretty fast.
Oh, you want fast?
Huwezi!
Listen up!
We're the Lion Guard!
We're only here to... Whoa.
(AARDWOLVES SHRIEKING)
(GROANS)
You okay?
They didn't stop.
Yeah, we noticed.
That was weird.
Wait.
They're afraid of us.
Afraid of us?
Well, I did use
the Roar on them.
Maybe they think
we're out to get them.
You mean they think
we're the bad guys?
But we're
the Lion Guard.
We can't be
the bad guys.
And you didn't mean
to Roar at them.
It was an honest mistake.
Yeah, but they
don't know that.
So we've gotta convince
them we're the good guys.
Of course, we've gotta
find them again first.
Look! I see one of
them right there!
ONO: Hapana.
Guys! He's running right
towards a cliff!
Leave this one to me!
Zuka Zama!
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
Get off me.
Get off of me!
What do you think
you're doing?
Uhh, maybe a little something
like saving your life!
What?
Oh.
Uh, in that case, thanks.
(SIGHS) So now what?
You've already kicked me
and the others out of
the Pride Lands!
Where do you want
us to go now?
We want you to come
back to the Pride Lands!
You want us to go back?
Wouldn't it have been easier
just not to kick us out
in the first place?
He's got a point there.
Bunga...
Just sayin'...
Look, I'm really sorry.
That was a mistake.
I Roared at you because
we thought you were hyenas.
Hyenas?
Do I look like a hyena to you?
Pretty much.
Yep.
Uh-huh.
You aardwolves really don't
get out much, do you?
We still need to find
the rest of your pack.
So we can take you all home.
I don't know...
What's in it for me?
Well,
you get to go home.
A home that's now
totally overrun
with termites, by the way.
Termites? (SLURPING)
(CHUCKLING)
Now you're talking!
Why didn't you say so
in the first place?
Let's go!
Uh, hey!
Wait for us!
AARDWOLF:
Here. Behind these rocks!
Ooh, look!
Let's hide in there!
This is perfect!
Yes! Totally perfect!
I think.
Yeah, they'll never
find us here.
I hope.
Poor, brave Mjomba!
It's because of him
we're safe.
Maybe.
I'll take a peek,
just to be sure.
Yup. All clear.
(SNIFFING)
Hmm. Ooh.
Something smells delicious!
(GASPS) Aardwolves!
Goigoi!
You hear what I said?
Love you, too, baby.
Goigoi!
What?
Was I snorin'?
Oh, never mind.
Keep sleeping if you want.
Just more scrumptious aardwolf
for me and the kids.
You had me at aardwolf.
Thought so.
Smells like
a whole pack of 'em
just moved in next door.
When did the hyraxes
move out?
They didn't.
Oh, yeah. (CHUCKLES)
They were delicious.
Now that you're up,
time we said hello
to our new neighbors.
(SLURPING) Whatever
you say, dear.
HAYA: Coming in here
was a great idea!
It's roomy, nice and dank,
wall to wall dirt...
Oh. Too bad there's
nothing here to eat.
RAIRAI: Oh, I wouldn't
say that!
(GASPS)
We're the folks
from next door!
Howdy, neighbors!
(SIGHS) You scared us
for a second there!
We thought you were
the Lion Guard.
Lion Guard? Where?
Twern't me!
Rairai made me do it!
Goigoi...
Hey!
Oh! You don't
like 'em either?
Well, don't worry.
They'll never find us.
We totally gave
them the slip!
I think.
I see.
Well, now, you just set
your minds at ease.
We're the furthest thing
from the Lion Guard.
Believe you me.
And...
Why exactly were you running
away from the Lion Guard?
Because they're mean!
And they're scary!
Say it, sister!
But mainly because
Kion's Roar sent us flying
out of the Pride Lands!
And then they came
after us here!
You won't tell them
where we are, will you?
Don't you worry about that.
I promise, the Lion Guard
won't find hide
nor hair of you.
Well, maybe a little hide.
And maybe a little hair.
Huh?
All we're trying to say is,
as your new neighbors,
we're going to be
such good friends!
And you know
what friends do...
Have each other for dinner!
Ow!
He means, have each other
over for dinner.
♪ This is our new home
♪ And we are
your new friends
♪ No need to keep runnin'
♪ Your trip is at an end
♪ We're here for you
♪ We know how you feel
♪ Just stay with us and
we'll make you a meal
You'll be safe inside.
Inside our bellies.
Goigoi!
♪ It's gonna be a meal
you won't forget
♪ It might just be
our biggest yet
♪ Now that you're
our neighbors and
'cause you look so sweet
♪ We'll have you
'round our place and have
ourselves a treat
♪ Ain't no need
to scared, y'all
♪ We'd love
to help you hide
♪ We promise no one will
find you once you're
safe inside
♪ This is your new home
♪ And we are your
new friends
♪ No need to keep runnin'
your trip's at an end
♪ We're here for you
♪ We know how you feel
♪ Just stay with us
and we'll make you
♪ A meal
♪ So when you're
good and ready
♪ You'll wanna
close your eyes
♪ 'Cause we're gonna
give you a really
big surprise
♪ We just can't
wait to have you
♪ As our special guest
♪ You'll be gone when
it's over, no need
to clean our mess
♪ This is your new home
♪ And you are
our new friends
♪ No need to keep runnin'
your trip's at an end
♪ You're here for us
♪ We know how
you feel
♪ We'll stay with you and
♪ We'll make you a meal
(LAUGHS)
♪ Just stay with us
and we'll make you
♪ A meal ♪
Wow! That was fun!
We are so lucky we picked
this cave to hide in!
Oh, no, honey.
We're the lucky ones.
Yep. They're hiding
in that cave all right.
Okay.
This time,
we need a good plan.
On it. I'll go in alone.
Oof!
ALL: No!
Sorry, Little B.
Nothin' personal.
Mjomba, will you go
into that cave?
Tell the other aardwolves
we're not a threat?
Sure. I can do that.
Just pop your head out when
you know they won't run.
Then we can all go back
to the Pride Lands.
Then I can eat!
Unlimited termite feast,
here I come!
Almost unlimited!
Some of those termites
are mine!
Seriously?
Never too early
to call dibs.
Hello!
Any aardwolves at home?
Private party!
Not at all, not at all,
the more the merrier!
Mjomba! You escaped!
How smart!
How brave!
It is really you,
right?
Yeah, it's me!
And I've got good news,
the Lion Guard
are the good guys.
They saved me!
Good guys?
No way!
They kicked us out
of the Pride Lands!
(GASPS)
Is this another trick?
Are they hiding behind you?
No!
And they didn't mean
to kick us out!
They thought
we were hyenas!
Hyenas?
That's ridic...
Okay, now I see it.
Anyway, they want to take
us back to the Pride Lands.
Since we left,
it's crawling with termites!
Mmm. Termites?
Crawling with 'em?
Yeah, and we can
eat 'em all!
They need us to!
You hear that?
We can go home
and eat termites!
So, let's go!
Hold on a second!
I thought we were going
to have dinner here.
Well, I dunno.
You got any termites?
Trust me, none of you
are leaving this cave hungry.
In fact, none of you
are leaving at all!
Goigoi! Push!
(GASPING)
Something's not right.
Why'd they do that?
Maybe they're still
scared of us?
You think they didn't
believe Mjomba?
I promised we'd
make things right.
Come on!
Ono. Can you see
through the crack?
I can try.
(GASPS) Hapana!
Jackals!
Should we wait
for the kids?
We'll bring 'em
the leftovers.
(GROWLING)
Twende Kiboko!
Get away from
the aardwolf, Rairai!
Aardwolves!
Follow me!
All clear, Kion!
Kion!
So nice of you to drop by!
Gotta admit, I wish you'd
of come a little later.
I'll bet you do, Rairai.
Anybody got Goigoi?
He's not going anywhere.
All right, Rairai.
Time for you to go home!
You betcha!
See ya next visit!
KION: Okay, Bunga!
(GOIGOI YELPS)
(SIGHS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
And stay in there!
RAIRAI: Don't you worry
about little ol' us!
We love it in here!
Don't we, Goigoi?
Goigoi?
(GOIGOI SNORING)
She seemed like
such a good hostess.
Until she tried
to eat us.
Yeah, that sorta
spoiled the party.
I could really use
a termite about now.
Can we go home and eat?
Best idea
I've heard all day.
(SIGHING)
Hey, buddy,
how you doing?
I'm fine. I guess...
Miss the termites?
I'm trying to be
brave about it.
But I gotta admit...
(SNIFFLING)
I do miss 'em.
Well...
We've got a little
surprise that might
make you feel better.
I don't think there's
anything that could do that.
How about a thank you gift
from the aardwolves?
They saved me some!
Un-Bunga-lievable!
Hey, it's working!
I really do feel better!
(ALL LAUGHING)
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
♪ Look out
Here comes the Lion Guard ♪